# My Semester Overview

## Overview

The "My Semester Overview" webpage was designed to provide an easy way for students to keep track of their courses,
class schedule, tasks, and study goals. The project includes tables for each category, making it simple to visualize 
the important aspects of a student's semester. By organizing these components in a structured layout, the page 
allows for easy reference and helps students manage their academic responsibilities.

## Learning Experience

Building this project helped me gain experience in creating structured data displays using tables in HTML. I learned 
how to organize content within HTML tables and style them with CSS to make the presentation more appealing. This 
project also taught me the importance of user-friendly design in managing tasks and schedules, as students often 
have many things to remember.

Through this project, I also realized how tables can be used effectively to group related data together. I applied 
my knowledge in HTML and CSS to create visually structured data, which made it easy for students to access 
information such as class schedules and goals without unnecessary distractions.

## Challenges Encountered

One of the challenges I faced during this project was ensuring that the tables were aligned and consistent across 
different screen sizes. While the tables themselves are simple, I had to adjust the padding and margins to ensure 
they looked good on both small and large screens. Ensuring the text fits well within the table cells also required 
some fine-tuning.

Another challenge was ensuring that the overall layout was simple yet informative. I had to be mindful of keeping 
the tables compact and clear, without overwhelming the user with too much information.

## What Went Well

- Clear Structure: The tables are well-organized and visually distinct, allowing users to easily differentiate 
between the various types of data presented.
- Customizable: The design allows for easy modification of the content (e.g., courses, tasks, goals) based on 
individual needs.
- Simplicity: The simplicity of the design makes the page easy to use, with no complex functionality, which is ideal 
for the purpose of presenting semester-related information.

## Conclusion

Overall, this project was a great exercise in organizing and presenting data using HTML and CSS. It helped me 
understand the importance of creating clean, organized layouts for displaying information, and it has motivated me 
to explore further ways to improve the user experience through interactivity and design enhancements. In future 
versions, I plan to add more features such as task checkboxes, editable goals, and responsive design improvements to 
make the page more functional and visually engaging.